Be-fore words were words, a boy named Yes lived in a small vill-age in a small king-dom. Yes was good at eve-ry-thing. He was the best, smar-test and most liked per-son in his vill-age. Yes had a bro-ther, and his name was No. No was jea-lous of his bro-ther, be-cause he was not much good at a-ny-thing him-self. When-ev-er the vill-a-gers asked No for help, he re-fused be-cause he did-n-’t like peo-ple very much.  When-ev-er some-one ask-ed Yes for a fa-vor, he would glad-ly help, and he sec-ret-ly did-n-’t mind the fact that it ir-rit-at-ed No when he did. One day Yes and No-’s fath-er, O-kay went on a long jour-ney and he left his two sons in charge of all the an-i-mals. Yes took good care of the great guck, and the icks, and the three-toed yock. [Keep in mind, my dear friend, that the guck, ick, and three-toed yock were ve-ry old an-i-mals, so you might know them by diff-er-ent names to-day.] No did-n-’t want to be bo-thered with the bor-ing tasks in-volved with ta-king care of the an-i-mals. So in-stead of help-ing his bro-ther, No went down to the lake and threw rocks in-to the wa-ter. A few days after his fath-er left, Yes asked his bro-ther to watch the three-toed yock while he went to find some food to eat. In-stead of do-ing what Yes asked, No lay down, shut his eyes, and for-got about the yock. It just so happ-ened that the King had a per-son-al road near-by, and he trav-eled on it oft-en. So oft-en, that when the three-toed yock wand-ered on-to the road, the King-’s carr-iage was pass-ing by and had to swerve to avoid hitt-ing it. The King was thrown from the carr-iage and fell to the ground and hurt him-self. The King de-mand-ed to know why a three-toed yock had been a-llowed on his road and asked all the vill-a-gers for an ex-plan-a-tion. Yes was al-ways hon-est, so he told the King the en-tire stor-y. The King thought for a mom-ent, and then he came up with an i-de-a that he was quite happ-y with. Yes and No were to work in the cast-le as his per-son-al ass-i-stants as pun-ish-ment for what was la-ter ref-erred to as the worst three-toed yock and carr-iage ac-cid-ent in the King-dom-’s his-tor-y. The King need-ed help with ma-ny things a-round the cast-le be-cause a King can-not be both-ered with the dai-ly tasks in-volved with run-ning a King-dom.  How-ev-er, soon af-ter his dec-i-sion a-bout the two bro-thers, the King real-ized that only Yes would be of any use to him as a ser-vant.  When-ev-er the King asked No to bring him a-ny-thing, it would get thrown a-way, bro-ken, or ea-ten, with-out ex-cep-tion. The King was quite sure that No was the worst ser-vant in the en-tire world. The bro-ther-s’ most im-port-ant task was to help pick the food for a grand par-ty that the King was throw-ing la-ter that night. Cooks from all ov-er the King-dom lined up at the cast-le-’s gate to of-fer the King their food for the par-ty.  Of course, the King could not go and grab the food him-self, so he asked Yes and No to do it for him. The first cook came up the gate and yelled to the Gate-keep-er, “I bring my de-li-cious ug-berr-y pie for the King-’s ban-quet!” The King heard this and thought that ug-berr-y pie would be per-fect for such an e-vent (and he would love to eat the left-ov-ers). He did-n-’t want an-y-thing to ha-ppen to the ug-berr-y pie, so he yelled “Yes!” and then asked him to go fetch it. The next cook stepped up to the gate. “I of-fer the King gruk-ie soup!” he said. The King did-n-’t like gruk-ie soup very much and he knew just how to get rid of it. “No!” he yelled and then sent No out to re-trieve the soup. No dropp-ed the soup be-fore the King could e-ven smell it.